Server-side behaviors during static SSR (#32048)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/components/render-modes.md

If using the preceding component locally in a Blazor Web App, place the component in the server project's `Components/Pages` folder. The server project is the solution's project with a name that doesn't end in `.Client`. When the app is running, navigate to `/render-mode-1` in the browser's address bar.

> During static SSR, Razor component page requests behave like Razor Pages and participate in server-side ASP.NET Core middleware pipeline request processing for routing and authorization. Dedicated Blazor features for routing and authorization aren't operational because Razor components aren't rendered during server-side request processing. Blazor router features in the `Routes` component that aren't available during static SSR include displaying:

Reviewer: > Razor component page requests behave like Razor Pages

I would maybe remove "behave like Razor Pages" because readers might infer this to mean more than it actually does

* [Not authorized content (`<NotAuthorized>...</NotAuthorized>`)](xref:blazor/security/index#authorizeview-component) (<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.Authorization.AuthorizeRouteView.NotAuthorized>): Blazor Web Apps typically process unauthorized requests on the server by [customizing the behavior of Authorization Middleware](xref:security/authorization/authorizationmiddlewareresulthandler).

* [Not found content (`<NotFound>...</NotFound>`)](xref:blazor/fundamentals/routing#provide-custom-content-when-content-isnt-found) (<xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Components.Routing.Router.NotFound>): Blazor Web Apps typically process bad URL requests on the server by either displaying the browser's built-in 404 UI or returning a custom 404 page (or other response) via ASP.NET Core middleware (for example, [`UseStatusCodePagesWithRedirects`](xref:fundamentals/error-handling#usestatuscodepageswithredirects) / [API documentation](xref:Microsoft.AspNetCore.Builder.StatusCodePagesExtensions.UseStatusCodePagesWithRedirects%2A)).

> If the app becomes interactive for either interactive SSR or CSR components after static SSR, the server-side ASP.NET Core request processing is no longer acting on requests, which means that the preceding Blazor features work as expected.

Reviewer: > interactive SSR or CSR components

Is this the standard terminology we're using to describe Server and WebAssembly interactivity? Maybe we could update this to say:

```suggestion
If the app exhibits root-level interactivity, server-side ASP.NET Core request processing is not involved after the initial static SSR, which means that the preceding Blazor features work as expected.
```
